MAGNETWORK. Application Privacy Policy

This application is operated and provided by Magnetwork.io. If you install and use this application, we may collect information. This privacy policy explains how information collected via our applications and websites is used and how to contact us if you have any queries or concerns.

If you have accessed or used this application via a website operated by a third party, they may also collect information about you. You should read their software and websites terms of use and privacy policy to understand how they will use this information before installing and using this application.

1. What kind of information do we collect?

We may ask you for information such as name, username, email address and product information. Our websites and applications may include optional surveys, asking for your views on various products and services. If you download content from our websites or via our applications, we will automatically check your hardware details. We may also detail your activity and personal preferences when visiting our websites or using our applications.

Please always obtain consent first before giving us anyone else's personal information (for example, for send-a-friend promotions). Please make sure that any personal details that you provide are accurate and current, and let us know if there are any changes.

2. What do we do with the information we collect?

We use the information we collect in a number of ways:

· to operate our websites and applications and provide the information and services you ask for, including downloads, promotions and competitions
· to deal with your customer service requests
· for internal analysis and research to improve our websites and other products and services
· to send you newsletters and marketing information about Magnetwork products and services, and offers, products and services from selected third party companies, but only as permitted by law or requested by you.
· to send administrative emails (for example, if you forget your password)
· to prevent and detect fraud and abuse of our websites, applications or services.

3. Who else has access to your information

Our affiliated companies, local distributors and other organisations who work for us may have access to your information in order to manage that information for us and to provide you with information and services requested by you.

We also work with third party companies to help enhance and understand the use of our website and applications to deliver the best possible experience. These companies generate statistical usage information and are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

Some of these companies may process your information in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), such as the United States and Japan. Data protection laws in these countries may not offer the same level of protection as in the EEA. If you are not happy for us to transfer your information in this way, you should not access and use our websites or applications.

In exceptional circumstances, we may disclose your personal information if required by law or to protect or defend ourselves or others against illegal or harmful activities. If our business is sold or restructured, your details may be transferred as part of the business.

4. Security

We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your personal information. This includes setting up processes and procedures to minimise unauthorised access to or disclosure of your information. However, we do not guarantee that we will eliminate all risk of misuse of your personal information by intruders. Please keep any passwords for your accounts safe and do not disclose them to anyone else. You must contact us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your password or other security breach.

5. Contacting us

If you have general queries, please contact us via support@magnetwork.io

Last updated: Feb 2017